---
title: Partner with indirect providers in CSP | Partner Center
description: "As an indirect reseller in CSP, you work with indirect providers (also known as distributors) who have a direct relationship with Microsoft and can provide customer support and billing. This means you don’t have to begin on your own but can instead work with an experienced technology provider to help ensure your success. In the provider-reseller (two-tier) model, the provider buys cloud solutions and services from Microsoft that you resell to customers."
ms.prod: 
author: MaggiePucciEvans
ms.openlocfilehash: 2b2b8fc3a58a3ff67c1a96558df49a594fe8e74f
ms.sourcegitcommit: e79f756c7203751b8fd6ad26883a0568c91a6c8b
ms.translationtype: HT
ms.contentlocale: it-IT
ms.lasthandoff: 08/16/2017
---
# <a name="partner-with-indirect-providers-in-the-cloud-solution-provider-program"></a><span data-ttu-id="aaf19-105">Partner with indirect providers in the Cloud Solution Provider program</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-105">Partner with indirect providers in the Cloud Solution Provider program</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="aaf19-106">The rapidly growing demand for cloud-based solutions and services provides many opportunities for Microsoft partners of all sizes to build profitable cloud solution businesses.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-106">The rapidly growing demand for cloud-based solutions and services provides many opportunities for Microsoft partners of all sizes to build profitable cloud solution businesses.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-107">I partner che sono pronti a entrare nel mercato, ma che non desiderano gestire più fornitori o potrebbero non avere predisposto un'infrastruttura di gestione delle relazioni con i clienti (CRM, Customer Relationship Management) end-to-end, possono iscriversi al programma Cloud Solution Provider di Microsoft in qualità di rivenditori indiretti.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-107">Partners who are ready to enter the market, but who don't want to have to manage multiple vendors, or who may not have an end-to-end customer relationship management infrastructure in place, can enroll in Microsoft’s Cloud Solution Provider (CSP) program as indirect resellers.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="aaf19-108">I rivenditori indiretti in CSP collaborano con i provider indiretti (anche noti come distributori) che hanno una relazione diretta con Microsoft e possono fornire supporto e fatturazione ai clienti.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-108">As an indirect reseller in CSP, you work with indirect providers (also known as distributors) who have a direct relationship with Microsoft and can provide you with customer support and billing.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-109">This means you don’t have to begin on your own but can instead work with an experienced technology provider to help ensure your success.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-109">This means you don’t have to begin on your own but can instead work with an experienced technology provider to help ensure your success.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-110">In the provider-reseller (two-tier) model, the provider buys cloud solutions and services from Microsoft that you resell to customers.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-110">In the provider-reseller (two-tier) model, the provider buys cloud solutions and services from Microsoft that you resell to customers.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="aaf19-111">Different indirect providers offer different support and services, so you should evaluate the providers in your area to determine which ones best meet your needs.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-111">Different indirect providers offer different support and services, so you should evaluate the providers in your area to determine which ones best meet your needs.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-112">Generally, most providers will:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-112">Generally, most providers will:</span></span> 

-   <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-113">Fornisce al rivenditore assistenza tecnica</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-113">Provide you with technical training and assistance</span></span>
-   <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-114">Aiuta il rivenditore a commercializzare prodotti e servizi</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-114">Help you market your products and services</span></span> 
-   <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-115">Aiuta il rivenditore a stabilire le condizioni di finanziamento e credito</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-115">Help you establish financing and credit terms</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="aaf19-116">If you’re not already working with a provider (also known as a distributor), you can [search the list of official Microsoft providers](https://partnercenter.microsoft.com/en-us/partner/find-a-provider) to find one.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-116">If you’re not already working with a provider (also known as a distributor), you can [search the list of official Microsoft providers](https://partnercenter.microsoft.com/en-us/partner/find-a-provider) to find one.</span></span>


<span data-ttu-id="aaf19-117">Per altre informazioni su ciò che è necessario per la vendita nel programma CSP come rivenditore indiretto, vedi [Inizia come rivenditore indiretto](https://partner.microsoft.com/cloud-solution-provider/whats-required) nel [sito Web Microsoft Partner Network](https://partner.microsoft.com/).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-117">For more information about what’s required to sell in the CSP program as an indirect reseller, see [Get started as an indirect reseller](https://partner.microsoft.com/cloud-solution-provider/whats-required) on the [Microsoft Partner Network website](https://partner.microsoft.com/).</span></span> 


## <a name="enroll-as-an-indirect-reseller-in-the-cloud-solution-provider-program"></a><span data-ttu-id="aaf19-118">Registrarsi come nuovo rivenditore indiretto nel programma Cloud Solution Provider</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-118">Enroll as an indirect reseller in the Cloud Solution Provider program</span></span>

><span data-ttu-id="aaf19-119">**Note**  If you are already enrolled in CSP, you may need to provide only customer support contact information to create a reseller account on Partner Center.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-119">**Note**  If you are already enrolled in CSP, you may need to provide only customer support contact information to create a reseller account on Partner Center.</span></span> 

### <a name="before-you-begin"></a><span data-ttu-id="aaf19-120">Before you begin</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-120">Before you begin</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="aaf19-121">If you are new to CSP, you’ll need to enroll in the program as an indirect reseller and create an account on Partner Center.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-121">If you are new to CSP, you’ll need to enroll in the program as an indirect reseller and create an account on Partner Center.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-122">To do so, you’ll need to provide the following information during the enrollment process.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-122">To do so, you’ll need to provide the following information during the enrollment process.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-123">You may want to take a few minutes to gather these items before you get started:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-123">You may want to take a few minutes to gather these items before you get started:</span></span>

-   **<span data-ttu-id="aaf19-124">Credenziali di amministratore globale per il tuo account aziendale</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-124">Global administrator credentials for your work account</span></span>**<br>
<span data-ttu-id="aaf19-125">Dovrai fornire il nome utente e password che usi per accedere a Office 365, Microsoft Azure o Microsoft Dynamics CRM.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-125">You’ll need to provide the user name and password you use to sign into Office 365, Microsoft Azure, or Microsoft Dynamics CRM.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-126">Se non disponi ancora di un account aziendale, puoi crearne uni durante il processo di registrazione.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-126">If you don’t have a work account, you can create one during the enrollment process.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-127">Se non hai la certezza di disporre di un account aziendale, vedi [Account aziendali e Centro per i partner](azure-active-directory-tenants-and-partner-center.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-127">If you don’t know whether you already have a work account, see [Work accounts and Partner Center](azure-active-directory-tenants-and-partner-center.md).</span></span>


-   **<span data-ttu-id="aaf19-128">Il nome utente e la password usati per accedere al sito Partner Membership Center</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-128">The user name and password you use to sign in to the Partner Membership Center site</span></span>**<br>
<span data-ttu-id="aaf19-129">We use this information to link your organization's Microsoft Partner Network ID (MPN ID) with your new Partner Center account so that you can manage your membership benefits and data in Partner Center.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-129">We use this information to link your organization's Microsoft Partner Network ID (MPN ID) with your new Partner Center account so that you can manage your membership benefits and data in Partner Center.</span></span>

-   **<span data-ttu-id="aaf19-130">Your organization’s legal business name, address, primary contact, and support details</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-130">Your organization’s legal business name, address, primary contact, and support details</span></span>**<br>
<span data-ttu-id="aaf19-131">We need this information to confirm that your organization has an established profile with Microsoft and that you are authorized to act on its behalf.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-131">We need this information to confirm that your organization has an established profile with Microsoft and that you are authorized to act on its behalf.</span></span>
 
<span data-ttu-id="aaf19-132">Please note that it can take us several days to review and verify the information you’ve provided.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-132">Please note that it can take us several days to review and verify the information you’ve provided.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-133">We’ll email your primary contact when we’ve completed our review.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-133">We’ll email your primary contact when we’ve completed our review.</span></span>

### <a name="get-started"></a><span data-ttu-id="aaf19-134">Get started</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-134">Get started</span></span>

1.  <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-135">Kick off the enrollment process [here](https://partnercenter.microsoft.com/pcv/register/joinnow/enrollmentwelcome/valueaddedreseller).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-135">Kick off the enrollment process [here](https://partnercenter.microsoft.com/pcv/register/joinnow/enrollmentwelcome/valueaddedreseller).</span></span>

2.  <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-136">Leggi la pagina di **benvenuto** per assicurarti di avere le informazioni necessarie per la registrazione e quindi seleziona **Avanti**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-136">Review the **Welcome** page to be sure you have the information you need to enroll, and then select **Next**.</span></span>

3.  <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-137">Accedi usando le info del tuo account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-137">Sign in with your work account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-138">Seleziona **Accedi** e quindi immetti il nome utente e la password che usi per accedere come un amministratore globale per Office 365, Microsoft Azure o Microsoft Dynamics CRM.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-138">Select **Sign in** and then enter the user name and password you use to sign in as a global admin for Office 365, Microsoft Azure, or Microsoft Dynamics CRM.</span></span> 

    <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-139">Se non disponi di un account aziendale, seleziona **Crearne uno** per configurarne uno ora.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-139">If you don't have a work account, select **Create one** to set one up now.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-140">Dopo aver creato un account aziendale, accedi usando le credenziali di amministratore globale per il nuovo account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-140">After creating your work account, sign in using the global admin credentials for your new account.</span></span>

4.  <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-141">Leggi le informazioni su come associare l'ID del Microsoft Partner Network (ID MPN) al nuovo account del Centro per i partner.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-141">Review the information about how to associate your Microsoft Partner Network ID (MPN ID) with your new Partner Center account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-142">We need to link your organization's MPN ID with your new Partner Center account so that you can manage your membership benefits and incentives on Partner Center.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-142">We need to link your organization's MPN ID with your new Partner Center account so that you can manage your membership benefits and incentives on Partner Center.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-143">Select **Sign in**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-143">Select **Sign in**.</span></span>

5.  <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-144">Enter the user name you use to sign in to the Partner Membership Center (PMC) site.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-144">Enter the user name you use to sign in to the Partner Membership Center (PMC) site.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-145">The Partner Membership Center site is where you currently manage your Microsoft partner account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-145">The Partner Membership Center site is where you currently manage your Microsoft partner account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-146">Signing in to Partner Membership Center allows us to retrieve your MPN ID and associate it to your new Partner Center account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-146">Signing in to Partner Membership Center allows us to retrieve your MPN ID and associate it to your new Partner Center account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-147">Select **Next**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-147">Select **Next**.</span></span> 

6.  <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-148">Enter the password for your Partner Membership Center account and then select **Sign in**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-148">Enter the password for your Partner Membership Center account and then select **Sign in**.</span></span>

7.  <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-149">Select the organization profile with the MPN ID that’s linked to your incentives, membership benefits, and competencies so we can move this information to your Partner Center account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-149">Select the organization profile with the MPN ID that’s linked to your incentives, membership benefits, and competencies so we can move this information to your Partner Center account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-150">Select **Continue**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-150">Select **Continue**.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-151">If the MPN ID you want to use is not listed on this page, select **Cancel** and sign in again with the user name and password for the organization profile you want to use.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-151">If the MPN ID you want to use is not listed on this page, select **Cancel** and sign in again with the user name and password for the organization profile you want to use.</span></span> 

    ><span data-ttu-id="aaf19-152">**Important**  Select the MPN ID associated with an active organization profile that’s located in the same country/region as your Azure AD tenant.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-152">**Important**  Select the MPN ID associated with an active organization profile that’s located in the same country/region as your Azure AD tenant.</span></span>

8.  <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-153">Provide or update your organization’s legal business profile, primary contact information, and customer support information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-153">Provide or update your organization’s legal business profile, primary contact information, and customer support information.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-154">Select **Enroll now**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-154">Select **Enroll now**.</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-155">The primary contact should be the person in your organization we can contact about your application (this can be you or another person in your organization).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-155">The primary contact should be the person in your organization we can contact about your application (this can be you or another person in your organization).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-156">Tieni presente che non sono accettati indirizzi di posta elettronica di servizi di posta elettronica basato sul Web, ad esempio Gmail, Yahoo!</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-156">Please note that we don’t accept email addresses from Web-based email services such as Gmail, Yahoo!</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-157">Mail, iCloud Mail, AOL Mail o Posta di Outlook.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-157">Mail, iCloud Mail, AOL Mail, or Outlook Mail.</span></span> 

    ><span data-ttu-id="aaf19-158">**Important** To help ensure your organization’s security and privacy, we’ll email your primary contact to verify that (1) he or she signed up for a Partner Center account, and (2) that this email address belongs to your organization.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-158">**Important** To help ensure your organization’s security and privacy, we’ll email your primary contact to verify that (1) he or she signed up for a Partner Center account, and (2) that this email address belongs to your organization.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-159">After the primary contact verifies his or her email address, we’ll continue our review of the information you provided.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-159">After the primary contact verifies his or her email address, we’ll continue our review of the information you provided.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-160">We’ll email enrollment status updates to the primary contact.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-160">We’ll email enrollment status updates to the primary contact.</span></span>

9.  <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-161">When your Partner Center account is ready to use, verify that you’ve been added to the admin agent group.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-161">When your Partner Center account is ready to use, verify that you’ve been added to the admin agent group.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-162">To finish setting up your account, including adding other users, you must have admin agent permissions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-162">To finish setting up your account, including adding other users, you must have admin agent permissions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-163">Follow these steps to view or update your permissions:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-163">Follow these steps to view or update your permissions:</span></span>

    <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-164">a.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-164">a.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-165">On the **Dashboard** menu, select **Account settings > User management** and select your name from the users list.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-165">On the **Dashboard** menu, select **Account settings > User management** and select your name from the users list.</span></span> 

    <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-166">b.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-166">b.</span></span>  <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-167">Seleziona **Agente amministratore** se non è già selezionato e quindi seleziona **Aggiorna**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-167">Select **Admin agent** if it’s not already selected and then select **Update**.</span></span>   

## <a name="add-a-new-user"></a><span data-ttu-id="aaf19-168">Aggiungere un nuovo utente</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-168">Add a new user</span></span>

1. <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-169">On the **Dashboard** menu, select **Account settings > User management**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-169">On the **Dashboard** menu, select **Account settings > User management**.</span></span>

2. <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-170">Select **Add user**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-170">Select **Add user**.</span></span>

3. <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-171">Enter the user’s full name and unique email address.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-171">Enter the user’s full name and unique email address.</span></span>

4. <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-172">Select the type of agent and the type of admin.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-172">Select the type of agent and the type of admin.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-173">Partner Center access is role-based, so you can assign permissions to customize the user's view to show only the features the user needs to complete specific tasks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-173">Partner Center access is role-based, so you can assign permissions to customize the user's view to show only the features the user needs to complete specific tasks.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-174">For more information about what each role can do, see [Assign user permissions](#assignuserpermissions).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-174">For more information about what each role can do, see [Assign user permissions](#assignuserpermissions).</span></span>

5. <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-175">Select **Add** to create the user account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-175">Select **Add** to create the user account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-176">Confirm the user's details on the next page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-176">Confirm the user's details on the next page.</span></span>


>**<span data-ttu-id="aaf19-177">Important</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-177">Important</span></span>**<br>
<span data-ttu-id="aaf19-178">Make a note of the new user's sign-in information displayed on this page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-178">Make a note of the new user's sign-in information displayed on this page.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-179">Be sure to copy and send this information to the new user as you will not be able to access it again later.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-179">Be sure to copy and send this information to the new user as you will not be able to access it again later.</span></span> <br>

><span data-ttu-id="aaf19-180">The user will need to sign in to Partner Center with their user name and temporary password.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-180">The user will need to sign in to Partner Center with their user name and temporary password.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-181">Quando l'utente accede al Centro per i partner per la prima volta, gli viene chiesto di modificare la password.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-181">When the user signs in to Partner Center for the first time, they are prompted to change their password.</span></span>        

## <a name="assign-user-permissions"></a><span data-ttu-id="aaf19-182">Assegnare le autorizzazioni utente</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-182">Assign user permissions</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="aaf19-183">L'accesso al Centro per i partner è basato sui ruoli, pertanto puoi assegnare autorizzazioni per personalizzare la visualizzazione dell'utente in modo da mostrargli solo le funzionalità utili per completare le attività specifiche.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-183">Partner Center access is role-based, so you can assign permissions to customize your organization's users' view to show only the features they need to complete specific tasks.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="aaf19-184">Per ogni utente, dovrai selezionare due livelli di autorizzazione oppure dovrai selezionare **Non amministratore** o **Non agente**:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-184">For each user, you must select two permission levels or select **not an admin** or **not an agent**:</span></span>

-   <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-185">Le autorizzazioni dell'agente controllano il tipo di dati dei clienti e le informazioni sull'account che l'utente può visualizzare e modificare.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-185">Agent permissions control what kind of customer data and account information the user can see and change.</span></span>

-   <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-186">Le autorizzazioni di amministratore controllano il livello di accesso che l'utente ha alle funzionalità del Centro per i partner.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-186">Admin permissions control the level of access the user has to Partner Center features.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-187">Questa impostazione ha un impatto al di fuori del Centro per i partner, in quanto un amministratore della fatturazione può accedere alle fatture per tutti i servizi Microsoft (anche quelle che non riguardano CSP) e un amministratore globale può accedere agli account utente e dei clienti, anche a quelli per servizi diversi da CSP.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-187">This setting has impact outside of Partner Center --  a global admin can access user accounts and customer accounts beyond CSP.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="aaf19-188">La tabella seguente illustra le operazioni che ogni ruolo può eseguire nel Centro per i partner.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-188">The following table explains what each role can do in Partner Center.</span></span>

<table>
<colgroup>
<col width="33%" />
<col width="33%" />
<col width="33%" />
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p><strong><span data-ttu-id="aaf19-189">Role in Partner Center</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-189">Role in Partner Center</span></span></strong></p></td>
<td><p><strong><span data-ttu-id="aaf19-190">What they can do</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-190">What they can do</span></span></strong></p></td>
<td><p><strong><span data-ttu-id="aaf19-191">What they can't do</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-191">What they can't do</span></span></strong></p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p><strong><span data-ttu-id="aaf19-192">Agente amministratore</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-192">Admin agent</span></span></strong></p></td>
<td><ul>
<li><p><span data-ttu-id="aaf19-193">Integrità del servizio e richieste di servizio per i clienti</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-193">Service health and service requests for customers</span></span></p></li>
<li><p><span data-ttu-id="aaf19-194">Richiesta dei privilegi di amministrazione delegati</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-194">Request delegated administrator privileges</span></span></p></li>
<li><p><span data-ttu-id="aaf19-195">Amministrazione per conto di un cliente</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-195">Administer on behalf of a customer</span></span></p></li>
</ul></td>
<td><ul>
<li><p><span data-ttu-id="aaf19-196">Gestione degli utenti</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-196">User management</span></span></p></li>
<li><p><span data-ttu-id="aaf19-197">Richieste di servizio per il Centro per i partner</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-197">Service requests for Partner Center</span></span></p></li>
</ul></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p><strong><span data-ttu-id="aaf19-198">Agente help desk</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-198">Helpdesk agent</span></span></strong></p></td>
<td><ul>
<li><p><span data-ttu-id="aaf19-199">Ricerca e visualizzazione di un cliente</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-199">Search for and view a customer</span></span></p></li>
<li><p><span data-ttu-id="aaf19-200">Integrità del servizio</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-200">Service health</span></span></p></li>
<li><p><span data-ttu-id="aaf19-201">Request support on behalf of customers (Note: You must be an admin agent to complete this task for Office 365 subscriptions)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-201">Request support on behalf of customers (Note: You must be an admin agent to complete this task for Office 365 subscriptions)</span></span></p></li>
<li><p><span data-ttu-id="aaf19-202">Manage subscriptions and services on behalf of customers (Note: You must be an admin agent to complete this task for Office 365 subscriptions)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-202">Manage subscriptions and services on behalf of customers (Note: You must be an admin agent to complete this task for Office 365 subscriptions)</span></span></p></li>
</ul></td>
<td><ul>
<li><p><span data-ttu-id="aaf19-203">Visualizzazione dei profili dei partner</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-203">View partner profiles</span></span></p></li>
<li><p><span data-ttu-id="aaf19-204">Richiesta di una relazione con un cliente</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-204">Request a relationship with a customer</span></span></p></li>
<li><p><span data-ttu-id="aaf19-205">Gestione dei lead dei clienti</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-205">Manage customer leads</span></span></p></li>
</ul></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td><p><strong><span data-ttu-id="aaf19-206">Amministratore globale</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-206">Global admin</span></span></strong></p></td>
<td><ul>
<li><p><span data-ttu-id="aaf19-207">Can access all Microsoft account/services with full privileges</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-207">Can access all Microsoft account/services with full privileges</span></span></p></li>
<li><p><span data-ttu-id="aaf19-208">Creazione di ticket di supporto per il Centro per i partner</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-208">Create support tickets for Partner Center</span></span></p></li>
<li><p><span data-ttu-id="aaf19-209">Visualizzazione, creazione e gestione di utenti partner</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-209">View, create, and manage partner users</span></span></p></li>
<li><p><span data-ttu-id="aaf19-210">Accettazione di una di richiesta di partnership da un provider indiretto</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-210">Accept a partnership request from an indirect provider</span></span></p></li>
</ul></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p><strong><span data-ttu-id="aaf19-211">Amministratore gestione utenti</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-211">User management admin</span></span></strong></p></td>
<td><ul>
<li><p><span data-ttu-id="aaf19-212">View, create, and manage users</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-212">View, create, and manage users</span></span></p></li>
<li><p><span data-ttu-id="aaf19-213">Visualizzazione di tutti i profili dei partner</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-213">View all partner profiles</span></span></p></li>
</ul></td>
<td></td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

## <a name="connect-with-an-indirect-provider"></a><span data-ttu-id="aaf19-214">Connettersi con un provider indiretto</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-214">Connect with an indirect provider</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="aaf19-215">Grazie alla collaborazione con un provider indiretto potrai offrire ai tuoi clienti una selezione più ampia di servizi e soluzioni Microsoft basati sul cloud.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-215">Working with an indirect provider allows you to offer a broader selection of Microsoft’s cloud-based services and solutions to your customers.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-216">I provider indiretti dispongono dei sistemi e dell'infrastruttura necessari per fornire servizi di fatturazione e supporto clienti di ottimo livello, in modo che tu possa concentrarti sulle soluzioni tecnologiche e sul coinvolgimento dei clienti.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-216">Indirect providers have the systems and infrastructure in place to provide you with a robust level of billing and support, so you can focus on your technology solutions and customer engagements.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="aaf19-217">If you’re not already working with a provider (also known as a distributor), you can [search the list of official Microsoft providers](https://partnercenter.microsoft.com/en-us/partner/find-a-provider) to find one.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-217">If you’re not already working with a provider (also known as a distributor), you can [search the list of official Microsoft providers](https://partnercenter.microsoft.com/en-us/partner/find-a-provider) to find one.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-218">When you find a provider you want to partner with, contact them directly to discuss their reseller programs, level of support, and terms.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-218">When you find a provider you want to partner with, contact them directly to discuss their reseller programs, level of support, and terms.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-219">If both you and the provider want to work together, you’ll need to connect your accounts on Partner Center.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-219">If both you and the provider want to work together, you’ll need to connect your accounts on Partner Center.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="aaf19-220">If an indirect provider wants to connect with you on Partner Center, they’ll kick off the following workflow:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-220">If an indirect provider wants to connect with you on Partner Center, they’ll kick off the following workflow:</span></span>

1.  <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-221">The indirect provider emails you an invitation to authorize them to be your indirect provider.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-221">The indirect provider emails you an invitation to authorize them to be your indirect provider.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-222">The email includes a link to Partner Center and will associate your account to the provider’s account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-222">The email includes a link to Partner Center and will associate your account to the provider’s account.</span></span>

2.  <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-223">To accept the invitation, follow the link in the provider’s email.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-223">To accept the invitation, follow the link in the provider’s email.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-224">You may need to sign in to Partner Center again.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-224">You may need to sign in to Partner Center again.</span></span>

3.  <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-225">To confirm the partnership with the provider, check the box and then select **Authorize indirect provider**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-225">To confirm the partnership with the provider, check the box and then select **Authorize indirect provider**.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-226">The provider is now listed on your **Indirect providers** page and your company is now listed on the provider's **Indirect resellers** page.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-226">The provider is now listed on your **Indirect providers** page and your company is now listed on the provider's **Indirect resellers** page.</span></span>

    ><span data-ttu-id="aaf19-227">**Note**  When you establish a partnership with an indirect provider, you’re authorizing them to submit orders and add subscriptions on behalf of your customers, and you’re granting them administrator access to your Azure AD tenant.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-227">**Note**  When you establish a partnership with an indirect provider, you’re authorizing them to submit orders and add subscriptions on behalf of your customers, and you’re granting them administrator access to your Azure AD tenant.</span></span>

4.  <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-228">Select **Indirect providers** from your **Dashboard** menu to see a list of the providers you have a partnership with.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-228">Select **Indirect providers** from your **Dashboard** menu to see a list of the providers you have a partnership with.</span></span> 

5.  <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-229">Seleziona **Visualizza clienti** per visualizzare l'elenco dei clienti condivisi con il provider.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-229">Select **View customers** to see a list of the customers you and the provider share.</span></span>

6.  <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-230">Seleziona **Invite new customers** per chiedere a un nuovo cliente di autorizzare le relazioni come rivenditore con te e con il provider indiretto.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-230">Select **Invite new customers** to ask a new customer to authorize reseller relationships with both you and your indirect provider at the same time.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-231">Assicurati di avere a portata di mano l'indirizzo di posta elettronica del cliente in modo da poter inviare l'invito tramite posta elettronica.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-231">Be sure to have the customer’s email address on hand so you can email the invitation to them.</span></span>  

    ><span data-ttu-id="aaf19-232">**Important**  Your indirect provider needs to have a reseller relationship with your customers to submit orders on their behalf.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-232">**Important**  Your indirect provider needs to have a reseller relationship with your customers to submit orders on their behalf.</span></span> 
 
## <a name="connect-with-customers"></a><span data-ttu-id="aaf19-233">Entrare in contatto con i clienti</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-233">Connect with customers</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="aaf19-234">Affinché sia possibile eseguire transazioni con i clienti nel Centro per i partner, i clienti devono disporre di account del Centro per i partner ed è necessario stabilire con essi relazioni come rivenditori.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-234">To transact with customers on Partner Center, your customers must have Partner Center accounts and you must establish reseller relationships with them.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-235">Per consentire al provider indiretto di acquistare sottoscrizioni e servizi per conto del cliente, anche il provider deve avere relazioni come rivenditore con i clienti.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-235">To allow your indirect provider to purchase subscriptions and services on your customers' behalf, the provider must also have reseller relationships with your customers.</span></span> 

### <a name="connect-with-existing-customers"></a><span data-ttu-id="aaf19-236">Entrare in contatto con i clienti</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-236">Connect with existing customers</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="aaf19-237">I clienti con cui già esegui transazioni tramite altri portali, ad esempio l'interfaccia di amministrazione partner di Office 365 o il portale di amministrazione di Microsoft Azure, verranno visualizzati nell'elenco dei clienti nel Centro per i partner dopo che avrai eseguito la registrazione come un rivenditore indiretto.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-237">Customers that you already transact with through other portals, such as the Office 365 partner admin center or the Microsoft Azure admin portal, will appear in your customer list on Partner Center after you successfully enroll as an indirect reseller.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-238">Seleziona **Dashboard** e quindi **Clienti** per visualizzare l'elenco dei clienti.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-238">Select **Dashboard** and then **Customers** to see your customer list.</span></span> 

<span data-ttu-id="aaf19-239">Se alcuni dei tuoi clienti esistenti non sono presenti nell'elenco dei clienti, potrebbe essere necessario stabilire relazioni come rivenditori con essi.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-239">If any of your existing customers are missing from your customer list, you may need to establish reseller relationships with them.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-240">A tale scopo, invia loro tramite posta elettronica un invito a connettersi al Centro per i partner, come descritto di seguito.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-240">To do so, you email them an invitation to connect with you on Partner Center, as described below.</span></span>

#### <a name="invite-a-customer-to-establish-a-reseller-relationship-with-you"></a><span data-ttu-id="aaf19-241">Invitare un cliente a stabilire una relazione come rivenditore con te</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-241">Invite a customer to establish a reseller relationship with you</span></span>

1.  <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-242">Select **Customers** from your **Dashboard** menu and then select **Request a reseller relationship**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-242">Select **Customers** from your **Dashboard** menu and then select **Request a reseller relationship**.</span></span>

2.  <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-243">On the next page, review the draft email message.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-243">On the next page, review the draft email message.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-244">You can open the draft message in email or you can copy the message to your clipboard and paste it into an email.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-244">You can open the draft message in email or you can copy the message to your clipboard and paste it into an email.</span></span> 

    <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-245">You can edit the text in the email, but be sure to include the link as it is personalized to link the customer directly to your account.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-245">You can edit the text in the email, but be sure to include the link as it is personalized to link the customer directly to your account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-246">Select **Done** when you’ve completed this step.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-246">Select **Done** when you’ve completed this step.</span></span>

3.  <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-247">Invia il messaggio di posta elettronica al cliente.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-247">Send the email to your customer.</span></span>

4.  <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-248">Dopo aver accettato l'invito, il cliente verrà visualizzato nella pagina **Clienti** e tu potrai effettuare il provisioning e gestire il servizio per il cliente da questa pagina.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-248">After the customer accepts your invitation, they'll appear on your **Customers** page and you'll be able to manage the their subscriptions and service from there.</span></span>

5.  <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-249">Per gestire l'account, i servizi, gli utenti e le licenze del cliente, espandi il record del cliente selezionando la freccia verso il basso accanto al nome.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-249">To manage the customer’s account, services, users, and licenses, expand the customer’s record by selecting the down arrow near their name.</span></span>


### <a name="connect-with-new-customers"></a><span data-ttu-id="aaf19-250">Entrare in contatto con i clienti</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-250">Connect with new customers</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="aaf19-251">Quando attrai nuovi clienti, dovrai connetterti con loro nel Centro per i partner.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-251">When you attract new customers, you’ll need to connect with them on Partner Center.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-252">You may get new customers through multiple channels, including:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-252">You may get new customers through multiple channels, including:</span></span>

-   <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-253">Your own marketing activities</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-253">Your own marketing activities</span></span>
-   <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-254">Microsoft referrals</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-254">Microsoft referrals</span></span>
-   <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-255">Indirect providers</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-255">Indirect providers</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="aaf19-256">To manage a customer’s subscriptions and services on their behalf, you need to have a reseller relationship with them.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-256">To manage a customer’s subscriptions and services on their behalf, you need to have a reseller relationship with them.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-257">Per consentire al provider indiretto di inviare ordini per conto del cliente, anche il provider indiretto deve avere una relazione come rivenditore con il cliente.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-257">To allow your indirect provider to submit orders on your customer’s behalf, the indirect provider must also have a reseller relationship with them.</span></span>

<span data-ttu-id="aaf19-258">Per ottenere le autorizzazioni di amministratore per gestire le sottoscrizioni e i servizi di un nuovo cliente **e** consentire al provider indiretto di inviare nuovi ordini per loro conto, puoi invitare il cliente a stabilire una relazione come rivenditore con te e con il provider.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-258">To get administrator permissions to manage a new customer’s subscriptions and services **and** allow your indirect provider to submit new orders on their behalf, you can invite the customer to establish a reseller relationship with both you and your provider at the same time.</span></span> 

#### <a name="invite-a-customer-to-establish-a-reseller-relationship-with-you-and-with-your-indirect-provider-at-the-same-time"></a><span data-ttu-id="aaf19-259">Invitare un nuovo cliente a stabilire una relazione come rivenditore con te e con il provider indiretto</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-259">Invite a customer to establish a reseller relationship with you and with your indirect provider at the same time</span></span>

1.  <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-260">Seleziona **Indirect providers** dal **menu Dashboard**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-260">Select **Indirect providers** from your **Dashboard menu**.</span></span>

2.  <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-261">Seleziona **Invite new customers** per invitare il cliente a stabilire contemporaneamente una relazione come rivenditore con te e il provider indiretto.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-261">Select **Invite new customers** to invite a customer to establish a reseller relationship with both you and the indirect provider at the same time.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-262">Per inviare ordini per conto del cliente quando quest'ultimo desidera acquistare nuove sottoscrizioni o aggiungere nuove licenze alle sottoscrizioni esistenti, il provider deve avere una relazione come rivenditore con il cliente.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-262">The provider needs to have a reseller relationship with your customer so they can submit orders on your customer’s behalf when the customer wants to buy new subscriptions or add new licenses to existing subscriptions.</span></span>

3.  <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-263">Nella pagina successiva esamina la bozza del messaggio di posta elettronica.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-263">On the next page, review the draft email message.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-264">Puoi aprire la bozza del messaggio nella posta elettronica oppure puoi copiare il messaggio negli Appunti e incollarlo in un messaggio di posta elettronica.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-264">You can open the draft message in email or you can copy the message to your clipboard and paste it into an email.</span></span> 

    <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-265">Il testo nel messaggio di posta elettronica può essere modificato, ma assicurati di includere il collegamento poiché è personalizzato per collegare il cliente direttamente al tuo account e all'account del provider.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-265">You can edit the text in the email, but be sure to include the link as it is personalized to link the customer directly to both your account and your provider’s account.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-266">Al termine di questo passaggio, seleziona **Fatto**.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-266">Select **Done** when you’ve completed this step.</span></span>

4.  <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-267">After the customer authorizes you and your provider to be their resellers of record, you’ll have administrator permissions to manage their subscriptions, licenses, and users on their behalf, and your indirect provider will be able to submit orders on their behalf.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-267">After the customer authorizes you and your provider to be their resellers of record, you’ll have administrator permissions to manage their subscriptions, licenses, and users on their behalf, and your indirect provider will be able to submit orders on their behalf.</span></span>

5.  <span data-ttu-id="aaf19-268">To manage the customer’s account, services, users, and licenses, expand the customer’s record by selecting the down arrow near their name.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-268">To manage the customer’s account, services, users, and licenses, expand the customer’s record by selecting the down arrow near their name.</span></span>


## <a name="next-steps"></a><span data-ttu-id="aaf19-269">Next steps</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-269">Next steps</span></span>

[<span data-ttu-id="aaf19-270">Manage your Partner Center account</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-270">Manage your Partner Center account</span></span>](partner-center-account-setup.md)

[<span data-ttu-id="aaf19-271">Gestire i clienti e le relative sottoscrizioni</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-271">Manage customers and their subscriptions</span></span>](customer-accounts.md)

[<span data-ttu-id="aaf19-272">Creare un profilo di marketing</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-272">Create a marketing profile</span></span>](create-a-marketing-profile.md)

[<span data-ttu-id="aaf19-273">Informazioni sugli incentivi per i partner nel Centro per i partner</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="aaf19-273">Learn about partner incentives on Partner Center</span></span>](manage-your-incentives-in-partner-center.md)




